# CS340FinalProject

Q: How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashbaord widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
A: When working on the original CRUD Python module I tried to create code that was clean, easy to read, and easy to reuse. This involved using simple naming schemes so that I could go back in the future and easily tell what function does what. This allows for easy future use. This Python module could easily be reworked due to the way that it is written to work with any database. It could be a versatile tool to use in the future for viewing large quantities of data.

Q: How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assingments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
A: One challenge that I usually find myself with is how it should look. I can figure out the functionality based on what the user requirements are but how should it look? Thankfully, Grazioso Salvare provided a mockup in the specifications that allowed me to have a better idea of what they wanted.

Q: What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
A: What we do as computer scientists is incredibly beneficial to companies like this. There is so much data that is stored by these companies and it is hard to sort through it all looking for results. We can better format their data and provide easy results. For example, an automobile repair company might have large amounts of data containing what parts are used, what state has the most repairs, and what parts they use during those repairs. As a computer scientist I can provide results for which locations need a specific part based on what they are most likely to use.
